java c MATH1700 Probability and Statistics 2024–25 Problem Sheet 1 This is Problem Sheet 1, which covers revision of A-level probability. You should work through the questions on this problem sheet in  advance of your tutorial  in Week 1.  I’m aware that some students have qualifications other than A-level  mathematics. If any of the material on this sheet is unfamiliar, don’t worry too  much at this stage as we will recap everything as we go along during the course. A: Short questions The first seven questions are short  questions, which are mostly intended to  be  straightforward. You  can  check  your  answers  with  the  solutions-without- working at the bottom of this sheet.  It is good practice to write up complete  solutions showing all your working and solutions-with-working will be available  in  Week  2.   If  you  get  stuck  on  any  of these  questions,  you  should  ask  for  guidance in your tutorial. A1.  Suppose you toss a fair coin twice. Find the probability that: (a) You get a head and then a tail. (b) You get one head and one tail. A2.   A jar contains  7 red marbles,  5 blue marbles,  and  8 green marbles.   A marble is drawn at random.  Find the probability that: (a) The marble is red. (b) The marble is not green. (c) The marble is either blue or green. A3. If ℙ(A) = 0.35, find the probability of the complement of event A, ℙ(Ac ). A4.  Two events A and B are mutually exclusive, and ℙ(A) = 0.4, ℙ(B) = 0.3. What is the probability that either A or B occurs? A5. A bag contains 5 red balls and 3 blue balls.  Two balls are drawn at random. Find the probability that both balls are red if: (a) The balls are chosen without replacement. (a) The balls are chosen with replacement. A6.  Two events A and B are independent, and ℙ(A) = 0.5, ℙ(B) = 0.4.  Find: (a) ℙ(A ∩ B) (b) ℙ(A ∪ B) A7.  In a class of 30 students, 18 study mathematics, 12 study physics, and 6 study both subjects.  Find: (a) The probability that a randomly selected student studies mathematics or physics.(b) The probability that a代 写MATH1700 Probability and Statistics 2024–25C/C++ 代做程序编程语言 student studies mathematics given that they study physics. B: Long questions The next three questions are long questions, which are intended to be harder. Long questions often require you to think originally for yourself,  not just di- rectly follow procedures from the notes.  You may not be able to solve all of  these questions, although you should make multiple attempts to do so.  Here, your answers should be written in complete sentences, and you should carefully  explain in words each step of your working.  Your answers to these questions – not only their mathematical content, but also how to write good, clear solutions  – are likely to be the main topic for discussion in your tutorial.  Solutions will  be available in Week 2. B1.  In a survey of 100 people, 40 liked tea, 35 liked coffee, and 15 liked both tea and coffee.  By drawing a Venn diagram, or otherwise, find the probability that a person chosen at random:(a) Likes only tea. (b) Likes neither tea nor coffee. (c) Likes tea given that they like coffee. B2.  A factory produces 80% of its goods in Factory A and 20% in Factory B. The probability of a defective item from Factory A is 0.05, and from Factory B, it is 0.1. (a) Draw a tree diagram representing this situation. (b) Calculate the probability that a randomly selected item is defective. B3. A magician has prepared two piles of cards taken from a standard deck of cards.  In the first pile he has put the 3, 6 and 7 of hearts;  in the second pile he has the 2 of spades and a second numbered spade, which we denote as ∞ .  A member of the audience is invited to pick one card at random from each pack and multiply the two numbers together. (a) Draw a sample space diagram giving all possible products (in terms of ∞). (b) Calculate the probability that the product is even in the two cases that (i) ∞ is odd and (ii) ∞ is even. (c) The magician knows that the probability that the product is even is equal to the probability that the product is greater than 10.  Find the value of ∞ .

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
